>> Bianca Gandolfo: Recursion, so
that's cool, we explored that.
Here's a recipe that you've
probably heard before.
You have an if statement
of some base case.
Otherwise, do some recursion and
then return or, like we were doing,
return some value, right,
which you can set up here.
You can set out, and
you can accumulate it.
There are different ways of
preserving that value, cool.
And I almost forgot, there's actually the
work part that you wanna do that's useful.
So far,
examples have been super not useful.
It's just an oversimplified version,
and so ideally in this if statement,
you want to get to a state that's
closer to your base case which
is gonna be the smallest,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Which is at the end or
where you want your recursion to end.
In this case, we want it to
end after three loops, right?
So that's our base case right here and
return, right?
We have some condition that gets
us closer to our base case.
Otherwise, if we didn't do that,
we would still have an infinite loop and
we would have problems.
And so that's what that means.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
you need a return where needed.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool,
yeah, question?
>> Speaker 2: In the previous example,
the callMe anytime returns undefined,
right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: In
this example, it doesn't.
So here, it returned undefined.
When we add the return statement on the
last line there, it's gonna return loops,
because it's gonna return up the stack,
just like we were doing over here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we have the stack
as it returns.
It's gonna pop off and
it's either gonna return something or not.
That's what you can do.
You can either return something or
it just disappears.
Well, you could do side effects.
But in this case, it just disappears.
>> Speaker 2: If we don't use
return until 3 loop,
it will bring us on undefined,
right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, exactly, so
if there's no return,
it's just gonna return undefined,
cuz that's the default.
>> Speaker 2: Up to three loops, and
then return loops, right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Sorry, I can't,
say it one more time.
>> Speaker 2: Up to 3 recursion, for
3 times,
it returns undefined on the third one,
it returns the 3 loops, right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
so the very, very first one returns-
>> Speaker 2: Undefined.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Loops,
loops actually gets returned first and
then if there
is a return statement here,
this return gets last.